README.md, before:

# WiFi Ultra-Low Power Stereo Camera (WULPSC)

## Setup Environment
To develop for this project there some steps to setup the environment for building and flashing. VS Code is the chosen IDE.

  - Step 1. Donwload ESP-IDF Toolchain (v5.1.2) [here](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32/get-started/windows-setup.html) and install normally.

 - Step 2. Make note of the installed `IDF_PATH` and `IDF_TOOLS_PATH` , they should be listed in the final screen of the installer.

 - Step 3. Download [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) (any 3.8+ version) and the newest version of [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) (using 2.43.0). This to handle some issues with IDF donwloading it's own Python and Git versions.

 - Step 4. Setup the [VS Code Extension for ESP32-IDF](https://github.com/espressif/vscode-esp-idf-extension/blob/master/docs/tutorial/install.md) and select `Existing Setup`. Put the corresponding paths in the text boxes and install. If any issues arise relating to Python/Pip or Git, delete the `C:\Espressif\tools\idf-python` or `C:\Espressif\tools\idf-git` folders and retry.

 - Step 5. Clone the repo `git clone https://github.com/ymich9963/WULPSC`

 - Step 6. Open the project folder in VS Code, press `CTRL + SHIFT + P` and type `>Add vscode configuration folder`. This is to add your own paths to the tools to build and flash the project.

 - Step 7. Have fun.

 ## Troubleshooting
 Make sure the VSCode configuration folder exists and the directories are correct. Delete any auto-generated files or folders and rebuild if it won't build. To flash you will need to setup the correct COMx port and choose UART when doing so.

Commit message:

Updated some things and figured out the best default settings as a baseline.

README.md, after:

# WiFi Ultra-Low Power Stereo Camera (WULPSC)

## Setup Environment
To develop for this project there some steps to setup the environment for building and flashing. VS Code is the chosen IDE.

  - Step 1. Donwload ESP-IDF Toolchain (v5.1.2) [here](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/esp32/get-started/windows-setup.html) and install normally.

 - Step 2. Make note of the installed `IDF_PATH` and `IDF_TOOLS_PATH` , they should be listed in the final screen of the installer.

 - Step 3. Download [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) (any 3.8+ version) and the newest version of [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) (using 2.43.0). This to handle some issues with IDF donwloading it's own Python and Git versions.

 - Step 4. Setup the [VS Code Extension for ESP32-IDF](https://github.com/espressif/vscode-esp-idf-extension/blob/master/docs/tutorial/install.md) and select `Existing Setup`. Put the corresponding paths in the text boxes and install. If any issues arise relating to Python/Pip or Git, delete the `C:\Espressif\tools\idf-python` or `C:\Espressif\tools\idf-git` folders and retry.

 - Step 5. Clone the repo `git clone https://github.com/ymich9963/WULPSC`

 - Step 6. Open the project folder in VS Code, press `CTRL + SHIFT + P` and type `>Add vscode configuration folder`. This is to add your own paths to the tools to build and flash the project.

 - Step 7. Have fun.

 ## Troubleshooting
 Make sure the VSCode configuration folder exists and the directories are correct. Delete any auto-generated files or folders and rebuild if it won't build. To flash you will need to setup the correct COMx port and choose UART when doing so. 

 For WiFi to work in some cases port forwarding or placing the IP address into the DMZ may be required if errors occur. PLease advise your internet service provider for doing so.
